Extend Kusama coverage on several more docs (#4199)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-spree.md

---

Shared Protected Runtime Execution Enclaves (SPREE) sometimes referred to as "trust wormholes," are
fragments of logic comparable to runtime modules in Substrate, but live on the

> {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KUsama :kusama }} Relay Chain and may be opted into by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} Relay Chain and maybe opted into by
```

![spree example](../assets/SPREE/spree_module.png)

The diagram above is a simplification of the

> {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KUsama :kusama }} system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} system.
```

In this diagram, we see that the Wasm code for SPREE module "X" has been uploaded to the

> {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KUsama :kusama }} Relay Chain. The two cylinders "A"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} Relay Chain. The two cylinders "A"
```
